saster is good for anyone in Tech
startup startup Founders those looking
to grow their business and take their
startup to the next level saster is B I
think we're on Zoom enough kind of a
refreshing change to come out here meet
some people in person kind of get to
know what the industry is up
to anybody who is a builder a marketer A
salesperson who wants to understand how
the top Minds in the ecosystem think and
wants to get ahead of those Trends this
is the place where future Visions are
born ai ai with pre AI but in terms of
looking for a new idea the market has
also respondant to the Paradigm Shift
electricity versus AI the public Cloud
markets are now rewarding efficiency and
profitability over the growth at all
cost model the energy is amazing we're
based on the East Coast so to come out
west and meet with you know all these
both young and old entrepreneurs but
everyone's sort of United by this common
belief that there's so much room for
Innovation there's a whole grab bag of
advice and talks and and companies to
learn from metrics best practices how to
run a company how to scale a
company they're expecting somewhere
between 12 and 15,000 attendees so just
the your magnitude of it's
different I'm actually most excited to
be here and just walk around and absorb
the
energy I like how they do a festival
style conference events are definitely
not going away and I think a lot of
people thought they were there's no
other conference like it that brings
both those folks a difference stages
together
[Music]
[Applause]